To fulfill our commitment to respecting and protecting your privacy, we will adhere to our basic principles as explained in detail below, and crafted this Privacy Policy in accordance with these basic principles:
We inform you of the personal information that will be collected, and seek your consent to collect, use, or disclose your personal information.
We identify the purposes of use for collecting your personal information.
We collect only information that is necessary to carry out the identified purposes of use.
We use or disclose your personal information only for the purposes for which it is collected, except with your consent or as required or permitted by law, and we will keep your information only as long as necessary to fulfill those purposes.
We endeavor to make sure that your personal information is accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We protect your personal information via appropriate security safeguards.
We make our policies and practices for the handling of your personal information as transparent as possible.
You will have access to your personal information and will be able to correct your personal information as appropriate.
We will be accountable to you. We are always interested in hearing your opinion regarding our compliance with these principles, this Privacy Policy, and applicable law.
PRIVACY POLICY
Welcome to Picture Capture Privacy Policy. Thank you for taking the time to read it.

1. WHERE THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES
This Privacy Policy applies to apps, operated by Picture Capture. For simplicity, we refer to all of these as our “services” in this Privacy Policy. To make it extra clear, we’ve added links to this Privacy Policy on all applicable services.

Some services may require their own unique privacy policy. If a particular service has its own privacy policy, then that policy -- not this Privacy Policy -- applies.

2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
It goes without saying, we can’t help you develop meaningful connections without some information about you, such as basic profile details and the types of people you’d like to meet. We also collect information generated as you use our services, for example access logs, as well as information from third parties, like when you access our services through a social media account. 

• Camera and Photos.
Many of our services require us to collect images and other information from your device’s camera and photos. We’ll access your camera and photos only after you give us your consent.

• Read the Contents of SD Card
Read, Modify or delete the contents of your SD card as your instructions. We use this permission so that you can save new pictures to your SD card.

3. COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES
Like most online services, we use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that store information about your use of the Services, which authenticating you, remembering your preferences and settings, analyzing site traffic and trends, delivering and measuring the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, allowing you to use social features. Web beacons are small pieces of software on a webpage or email that help us see how you interact with that webpage or email. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.

We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User.

And we use third-party advertising agencies to place advertisements on the Internet or in other media. To measure the effectiveness of the advertisements and determine how much to pay to the advertising agencies, we install third-party modules within the App. We may also install third-party modules within the App in order to help us understand how the Service is used.

4. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We work hard to protect you from unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. As with all technology companies, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain secure.

We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks and regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices to update our physical, technical and organizational security measures.

We may suspend your use of all or part of the services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. If you believe that your account or information is no longer secure, please notify us immediately.

5. HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION
Where we process registration data, we do this for as long as you are an active user of our sites and for 12 months after this.

Where we process personal data for marketing purposes or with your consent, we process the data until you ask us to stop and for a short period after this (to allow us to implement your requests). We also keep a record of the fact that you have asked us not to send you direct marketing or to process your data so that we can respect your request in future.

Where we process personal data in connection with performing a contract, we keep the transactional data for six years from your last interaction with us (or such longer period as may be required by law).

Keep in mind that even though our systems are designed to carry out data deletion processes according to the above guidelines, we cannot promise that all data will be deleted within a specific time frame due to technical constraints.

6. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
If you are a minor, you shall use our services with obtaining prior consent of your parent or legal guardian (collectively, "guardian"). We recommend that the guardians of minors shall read this Policy carefully, and we also recommend minors to obtain guardians’ prior consent and guidance before submitting personal information in your use of our services.

Picture Capture respects the privacy of children under the terms of COPPA. We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us via sweetsnap.online@gmail.com.

7. PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
Picture Capture may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of Picture Capture or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.

By using our services, you agree that we may collect, use and share your Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as revised from time to time.
